{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw9880\paperh7900
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	center3d01.input is a SAGE input file for an expanding sphere of material that runs for about 1100 seconds on a G5. This run generates dump and SDS3D files. The examples are run by loading one of the files sets into the Show program and renaming the window "s". The testing scripts are then run from an Expression Window using the "Evaluate" or "Export" option from the "Operations" menu.\
\
	center3d02.exp is a Show expression script that plots the line intergal of the density for 360 lines that are 8 cm long and start at the center of the sphere. \
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	center3d03.exp is a Show expression script that calculates the density starting near the center of the sphere along 200 random radial lines and checks that the integral is correct. This only works for the t = 0 files dump or density file.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	center3d04.exp is a Show expression script that calculates the minimum radius of the air along a circle inside the sphere. This works only for the dump files.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	center3d05.exp is a Show expression script that calculates the density starting at the center of the circle along 20,000 random lines and checks that the integral is correct. This only works for the t = 0 files dump or density file.}